# [!planning to migrate to FastAPI and postgres]
# travel_logs_api

This is a RESTful API that provides a way to access travel logs data. The API is built with ASP.NET Web API (Minimal API).

## Usage

To use this API, you can follow these steps:

1. Open a web browser and navigate to the API endpoint.
2. Send a request to the endpoint.
3. The API will return a response with the requested data.

## API Documentation

The API documentation is auto generated by Swagger UI.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository to your own account.
2. Make changes to the code.
3. Submit a pull request.


## Endpoints

The following endpoints are available:

* **Users**
    * `/users` - Get a list of all users.
    * `/users/{id}` - Get a single user by ID.
    * `/users` - Create a new user.
    * `/users/{id}` - Update an existing user.
    * `/users/{id}` - Delete a user.
* **Tours**
    * `/tours` - Get a list of all tours.
    * `/tours/{id}` - Get a single tour by ID.
    * `/tours` - Create a new tour.
    * `/tours/{id}` - Update an existing tour.
    * `/tours/{id}` - Delete a tour.
* **Tour Guides**
    * `/tour_guides` - Get a list of all tour guides.
    * `/tour_guides/{id}` - Get a single tour guide by ID.
    * `/tour_guides` - Create a new tour guide.
    * `/tour_guides/{id}` - Update an existing tour guide.
    * `/tour_guides/{id}` - Delete a tour guide.
* **Bookings**
    * `/bookings` - Get a list of all bookings.
    * `/bookings/{id}` - Get a single booking by ID.
    * `/bookings` - Create a new booking.
    * `/bookings/{id}` - Update an existing booking.
    * `/bookings/{id}` - Delete a booking.
